W-18940999-merge-MS2025-06-ACB-to-latest-mk (#474)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/acb-component-flow-ref.adoc

//Considerations when using target variables
include::partial$mule-components/4.4/component-{component-filename}.adoc[tag=considerations-target-variable]

== Navigate to the referenced flow
You can open the flow that a Flow Reference component points to directly from the canvas, without switching views manually.
To view the referenced flow:

. Right-click the Flow Reference component in the canvas.
. Select *Go to Flow* from the context menu.

> Anypoint Code Builder will open the target flow in the appropriate canvas:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Code Builder opens the target flow in the appropriate canvas:
```
